targetTable."Number of Associated Contacts (Companies)",
targetTable."Annual Revenue (Companies)",
targetTable."Website URL (Companies)",
targetTable."Number of Employees (Companies)",
targetTable."Industry (Companies)",
targetTable."Country/Region (Companies)",
targetTable."State/Region (Companies)",
targetTable."City (Companies)",
targetTable."Business Value (Companies)",
targetTable."Lead Status (Companies)",
targetTable."Lifecycle Stage (Companies)",
targetTable."Target Account (Companies)",
targetTable."ICP (Companies)",
targetTable."Became SUB (Companies)",
targetTable."Became LEAD (Companies)",
targetTable."Became MQL (Companies)",
targetTable."Became SQL (Companies)",
targetTable."Became OPP (Companies)",
targetTable."Became CUS (Companies)",
targetTable."Became PARTNER (Companies)",
targetTable."Became ELSE (Companies)",
targetTable."Original Source Type (Companies)",
targetTable."Original Source Data 1 (Companies)",
targetTable."Original Source Data 2 (Companies)"